c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\SIBCProject.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\SIBCProject.pdb
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\obj\Debug\SIBCProject.dll
c:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\obj\Debug\SIBCProject.pdb
C:\Users\sathy_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SIBCProject\SIBCProject\obj\Debug\SIBCProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
